updated CHANGELOG (#106)
Scalr/terraform-provider-scalr: docs/data-sources/scalr_environment.md

```hcl
data "scalr_environment" "test" {

>   id = "env-xxxxxxxxxx" # optional, conflicts with filter by name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  id = "env-xxxxxxxxxx" # optional, can only use id or name for the environment filter, if both are used there will be a conflict.
```

  account_id = "acc-xxxxxxxx" # mandatory if user has access to few accounts and environment name is not unique

>   name = "environment-name"  # optional, conflicts with filter by id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name = "environment-name"  # optional, can only use id or name for the environment filter, if both are used there will be a conflict.
```
